@document.meta
  title: full-body-june-2022
  description:
  authors: hjalmarjakobsson
  categories:
  created: 2022-06-20
  version: 0.0.11
@end

* FIVE DAY ROLLING WORKOUT SCHEDULE.

** general pointers

  ~  Every session consists of ~4 exercises that you cycle 5 - 10 times depending on how much time you have.
  ~  This means that you hit every muscle group ~once a week.
  ~  Insert rest days whenever you like but do maximum of ~5 workout days in a row.
  ~  Think system - NOT goals. You don't have to think at all when you get this routine under your skin.
  ~  If you systematically cycle day 1-5 over and over you will eventually get symmetrically ripped.
   ~  If you want to max out and go hard this schedule would require 1-2h a day.
  ~  for each cycle play and with different methods
  -- regular
  -- super set
  -- drop set
   - allow pauses but do as many as possible, eg. 20 +

  ** how to count reps

     ~  Personaly I use music and bars.
     ~  it feels much easier to synchronize movements and focus on multiple focus points in the body.

** breathing
   ~  do slow songs and focus on breathing to the beath first
   ~  Then, start moving the body -> imagine that you superimpose the exercise move on top of the breath.
   ~  let the breath drive the movement
   ~  Driving with the breath I think allows you to think about technical failure in an interesting way I think.
   ~  if you drive with your breath a lot, then you can start doing it faster and faster.
   ~  eventually you get to a pace where you can run through cycle quite fast and perform
      10 - 20 sets of the main or biggest muscle group in 1 to 1.5 hours. and if you do just one
      hour you are still going to get quite a lot of work done.

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* session / workout
** segment
*** movement
**** exercises
***** exercise names

* 1. PULL (shoulder joint backwards pull) --------------------------------

** A
   warmup > rowing
   mobility > stand on all four w/abs facing up
   scapula pulls / dead hanging

** B
*** low pull (I)
   (latissimus) ( 2x )
*** high pull (Y/W)
    (external rot / medium traps / W / Y )
*** middle pull (T)
    (rear delts / T)
*** torso back
    (erector spinae)

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 2. LEG PRESS (outwards extension away from body) -----------------------

** A
   warmup > running
   mobility > stretching
   backwards sled dragging. Checkout `Ben Patrick ATG`

** B
*** 1. press
**** compount
    - leg press / squats / deadlifts
      OR
**** isolate
    - glutes
   - quads
*** 2. calves
    - standing calf press
*** 3. abbduction
    - sitting outwards press
    - side lying leg lifts
   -- standing hip drops
*** 4. rotation ( rotation ) todo..

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 3. PUSH (shoulder joint forward press) ---------------------------------

** A
   crawl / movement (30 min)

** B
*** 1. high press
    - serratus
*** 2. mid press
     pectoralis ( 2x )
*** 3. low press
   - front delts
*** 4. torso front
   - abs
    - internal rotators?

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 4. LEG PULL (inward contraction towards body) --------------------------

** A
   running (+ split squats)
   stretching

** B
*** 1. hip flexor
    psoas / hip flexor (glute inverse)
*** 2. hamstring
      (quad inverse)
*** tibialis
    - (calf inverse)
*** adduction
    - ()

  how did one put the following text under the previous heading / indent?

   - ( rotation ) todo..

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 5. ARMS AND LIFT (create upward force) / ARMS -----------------------------------

** A
   - farmers/trap walks
   - core sides/rotation > ( even / alternate grip !!! ) !!!
   - use cables to do lateral pull exercises up/down/middle

** B
   - mid delts
   - trapezius

   - biceps
   - triceps

   - ( lower arms extension/flexion )
