@document.meta
  title: full-body-june-2022
  description:
  authors: hjalmarjakobsson
  categories:
  created: 2022-06-20
  version: 0.0.11
@end

* FIVE DAY ROLLING WORKOUT SCHEDULE.

  ~  Every session consists of ~4 exercises that you cycle 5 - 10 times depending on how much time you have.
  ~  This means that you hit every muscle group ~once a week.
  ~  Insert rest days whenever you like but do maximum of ~5 workout days in a row.
  ~  Think system - NOT goals. You don't have to think at all when you get this routine under your skin.
  ~  If you systematically cycle day 1-5 over and over you will eventually get symmetrically ripped.
  ~  If you want to max out and go hard this schedule would require 2-3h a day. But you don't need to spend this much time.

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 1. PULL (shoulder joint backwards pull) --------------------------------

** A
   warmup > rowing
   mobility > stand on all four w/abs facing up
   scapula pulls / dead hanging

** B
   - low pull (latissimus / I) ( 2x )
   - high pull (external rot / medium traps / W / Y )
   - middle pull (rear delts / T)
   - back extensions (erector spinae)

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 2. LEG PRESS (outwards extension away from body) -----------------------

** A
   warmup > running
   mobility > stretching
   backwards sled dragging. Checkout `Ben Patrick ATG`

** B
   - glutes
   - quads
   - calf
   - abbduction
   - ( rotation ) todo..

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 3. PUSH (shoulder joint forward press) ---------------------------------

** A
   crawl / movement (30 min)

** B
   - pectoralis ( 2x )
   - serratus
   - front delts
   - abs
   - internal rotators

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 4. LEG PULL (inward contraction towards body) --------------------------

** A
   running (+ split squats)
   stretching

** B
   - hamstring
   - psoas / hip flexor
   - tibialis
   - adduction
   - ( rotation ) todo..

  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

* 5. LIFT (create upward force) / ARMS -----------------------------------

** A
   - farmers/trap walks
   - core sides/rotation > ( even / alternate grip !!! ) !!!
   - use cables to do lateral pull exercises up/down/middle

** B
   - mid delts
   - trapezius

   - biceps
   - triceps

   - ( lower arms extension/flexion )
