@document.meta
    title: gaping
    description:
    author: hjalmarjakobsson
    categories:
    created: 2022-02-10
    version: 0.0.8
@end

~ your jaw has many muscles
~ practice gaping and closing your teeth into a big smile every day.
~ relieve tension that is built into your face.
~ try this
~ pick a place where you can walk around freely without feeling/becoming self conscious over others
~ INHALE THROUGH YOUR NOSE!!!
~ exhale through your mouth
~ or nose if you want to. nose inhalation is most important
~ inhale for six steps
~  exhale for six steps
~  start gaping with your mouth/jaw on each inhale
~  put your teeth together in a huge joker smile on exhaley (one piece manga huge smile where you show your teeth.)
~  walk around performing this pattern.
~  change the number of steps on each in/ex-hale to your liking.
~  the longer breaths the better as a rule of thumb
~  notice what happens after a while with, eg. your headache or tensions in your neck/head if you have them.
~  use your vision jump around and focus on different things
~  notice when your thoughts are turning inwards *
~  * this is a good moment to change focus so that you experience the environment
~  and don't get caught up in the subconscious generation of thoughts.
~  be cautios of walking past a mirror.
~  it is very easy for your consious to collapse inward if you happen to focus in your own eyes
~  therefore, don't do this at first.
~  do meditation infront of a mirror where you try to teach your thoughts not to collapse.
~  if you do this type of alternating gape/smile pattern breathing for a few days you will start to realize how much tension that builds up into your jaw/face.
~  when this loosens up it is very relaxing.
~  also, feel more masculine and build up testosterone this way since you are working out the meat-eater-monster-muscles
~  and the good thing here is that you don't need to eat meat if you are vegan ;)
~  also when you do the joker smile. press air out between your teeth and make a long sssssss sound.
~  this teaches you to connect with your abdominals.
~  when you get comfortable with this routine.
~  layer this pattern on top of 50-100 bodyweight squats everyday.
~  coordination, coordination, coor...
~  if you do this whilest performing squats you need to perform some kind of pattern that acts as a metronome.
~  otherwise it is very hard to perform the jaw exercise superimposed on top of the slow up down movement of the body.
~  my suggestion:
~  create slight oscillating waves with your arms/hands/wrists so that you have a percievable rhythem that you can syncronize the jaw and your body to
~  when you reach the top of the squat, staight standing, always perform a calf raise and press yourself up.

